
The authors provide novel insights on the causal effects from chronotype exposures with well designed and rigorous statistical analyses, especially that they have conducted their analytical procedures in alignment with the best practices in a Mendelian Randomization analysis. The following are a few points that I think the authors can clarify in discussing their study methods and results.

Scope of the analysis. The authors' analysis workflow begins with candidate GWAS selection from EpiGraphDB, and two studies "ukb-a-11 Morning/evening person (chronotype)" and "ebi-a-GCST003837 (Chronotype)" are selected as exposures and basis of further analyses. I wonder if the authors could further comment on why a particular GWAS is selected amongst the multiple curated studies of the same trait?

Methodology. In the first stage the authors re-analysed pre-computed MR results of the data source on the identified exposures and outcomes, and then in the second stage examined the statistical findings with additional pre-computed results regarding confounders, intermediates, etc from the data source. As the authors have suggested in the manuscript, differences with methods could lead to results that do not agree with each other. As found in the documentation of EpiGraphDB, pairwise and confounder MR results are from this study (https://doi.org/10.1101/173682), and therefore I think the authors should have further discussions comparing the original method to the steps they took.

A few further points on formatting and typesetting. Regarding Figure 2, outcome study labels are hard to read, and exposure studies don't show trait labels so I would suggest some formatting to improve readability. The colourscheme in Figure 6 and Figure 7 is not very suitable for reading in a document with white background, especially the lines in yellow, and for Figure 6 it might be worth having a separate version in supplementary as it is still difficult to read in detail. The authors obviously need to thoroughly correct the various typesetting errors in cross-referencing tables (e.g. line 160, line 245, etc), and typos (e.g. "White nodes [are] potential confounding variables" in Figure 6's legend). I also noted that the results reported by authors do not have a consistent use of decimal separators, i.e. in the main text it is "." and the in the supplementary it is a mixed use of "," and "." (Appendix Table 1). In addition, I was confused the text in lines 105-106, where the authors wrote "\( I \) is an error term" and I think they meant "\( \epsilon \)"?
